# Matching Engine
A simple matching engine using C++.

## Features
✅ FIFO algorithm\
✅ Multi-threaded\
✅ LIMIT order support\
✅ Stores order fills\
✅ Wash trading protection

## Usage

### Account

- `create`

  This command creates a new account of name `account_name`.
  
  ```
  Enter Command: account <account_name> create
  ```

- `delete`
  
  This command deletes an account of name `account_name`.
  
  ```
  Enter Command: account <account_name> delete
  ```

- `query`

  This command queries the wallet balances of an account of name `account_name`.
  
  ```
  Enter Command: account <account_name> query
  ```

- `transactions`

  This command displays the latest `<num_transactions>` transactions for the account specified.
  
  ```
  Enter Command: account <account_name> transactions <num_transactions>
  ```

- `fund`

  This command funds the account specified with `<amount>` in $USD. 
  
  ```
  Enter Command: account <account_name> fund <funding_amount>
  ```

- `withdraw`

  This command mimics withdrawing funds of `<withdraw_amount>` from the wallet balance of the account specified.
  
  ```
  Enter Command: account <account_name> withdraw <withdraw_amount>
  ```


### Order

- `create`
  
  This command creates and order for the account specified.
  
    - `account_name` must exist.
    - `quantity` must be an `int`.
    
  ```
  Enter Command: order <account_name> create <buy/sell> <quantity> <price>
  ```

- `cancel`

  This command cancels an order by `order_id` for the specified account.
  ```
   Enter Command: order <account_name> cancel <order_id>
  ```
  
### Transactions

Enter the command `transactions <num_transactions>` to display the latest `<num_transactions>` that were settled by the matching engine.
```
  Enter Command: transactions 10
```

### State

Enter the command `state` to display all accounts and their holdings as well as the state of the order book.
```
  Enter Command: state
```

### Exit

Enter the command `exit` to close all threads and exit elegantly.
```
  Enter Command: exit
```

## Disclaimer

The code provided is for informational and educational purposes only and does not constitute financial advice. The code is provided as-is and without warranty of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. The author of this code will not be liable for any damages, whether direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential, arising from the use or distribution of this code, including but not limited to loss of profits, business interruption, or any other financial loss. By using or distributing this code, you agree to hold harmless the author and any affiliated parties from any and all claims, damages, or other liabilities arising from such use or distribution. It is the responsibility of the user to assess the risks associated with the use of this code and to seek independent professional advice before making any financial decisions based on the results generated by this code.
